docs(readme): improve readme (#11)
sapphire-project/utilities: packages/utilities/README.md

<div align="center">

![Sapphire Logo](https://cdn.skyra.pw/gh-assets/sapphire.png)

# @sapphire/utilities

> Common JavaScript utilities for Sapphire Projects</h4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common JavaScript utilities for Sapphire Projects.</h4>
```

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@sapphire/utilities?color=crimson&logo=npm&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sapphire/utilities)
[![Depfu](https://badges.depfu.com/badges/4a8bc579d3807f58b04ed647f20c3db0/count.svg)](https://depfu.com/github/sapphire-project/utilities?project_id=15204)

</div>

## Description

> In our day-to-day life we often have a need for some function or type augmentation and having to include that function in every repo is a huge drag. To solve this problem there are dozens upon dozens of packages on NPM, but we cannot maintain those in case of issues and a lot of them are written poorly or not optimized. So instead our solution is to provide @sapphire/utilities, which is the single package that should you need to cover a lot of needs for the day-to-day life.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We often have a need for a function or type augmentation and having to include it in every repo is a huge drag. To solve this problem there are dozens upon dozens of packages on NPM, but we cannot maintain those in case of issues and a lot of them are poorly written or under-optimised. Our solution is to provide @sapphire/utilities, which is the only package you'll likely need to cover your day-to-day needs.
```

## API Documentation

For the full API documentation please refer to the TypeDoc generated [documentation](https://sapphire-project.github.io/utilities/modules/_sapphire_utilities.html).

## Buy us some doughnuts

> Sapphire Project is and always will be open source, even if we don't get donations. That being said, we know there are amazing people who may still want to donate just to show their appreciation. Thanks you very much in advance!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sapphire Project is and always will be open source, even if we don't get donations. That being said, we know there are amazing people who may still want to donate just to show their appreciation. Thank you very much in advance!
```
